All right, comrades who grow under the red flag of spring breeze
Both are staunch atheists and civil martialists
How can you say that?
Bullshit
Ask him to swear not to curse Xiaoning, but jingle
The biological mother can curse her daughter for lightning strikes
Don't you have to die?
Get out of here
would rather
Look at your mother, no one bullies me.
So what are you doing here?
If you can't tell
I'll let Grandma Xia beat you out
Get out! Get out! Get out! Get out
Get out of here! Let me go! Get out
Daughter, your mother has a bad temper.
But being an adult is hard work
You should be considerate of him.
He's raising four kids by himself.
You are going to be a mother in the future
You are not cold to treat you like this, child.
I really want to understand
Who doesn't understand who has nothing to do with you and outsiders
This
I, I, I am also kind-hearted Comrade A Rong
Excuse me.
I have something to do, I'll go first
Tranquility Cloud
Since you didn't tell Comrade Qin and me
I'd rather not be your own
So what?
Director Ke, don't worry.
Even if that dead girl is not my own
I also have the grace to raise him
Just please.
Definitely
We can't let him stay by Comrade Rong's side all the time
As long as you are satisfied with him
I will definitely deliver him to you.
I think he is suitable
Pretty good
But mainly, I still give Comrade Qin face
Otherwise, there will be too many people who want to marry our family
He is a second marriage
She's an adopted daughter.
What is it?
But master, don't worry, don't worry.
He will definitely divorce Comrade Rong
I have a way
Then I'll wait for your good news.